DOCS-132 Introduce Quickstart Tutorial for Enterprise Features (#291)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/getting-started/pages/blue-green.adoc

= Deploy Blue-Green Clusters
:description: This tutorial guides you on how you can use Hazelcast's blue-green deployment feature for your client to operate continuously when its connected cluster is down.

{description} The feature provides a client failover mechanism for rerouting the client connections to a different cluster without requiring a
client network configuration update or client restart. You can use it to manually redirect client traffic in order to perform maintenance or software updates,
as well as automatically redirect client traffic to a different cluster during a disaster recovery scenario.

This tutorial focuses on the disaster recovery scenario, and you will:

. Start an Enterprise cluster (blue)
. Start another Enterprise cluster (green)
. Configure a Java client to have the Blue-Green deployment's failover feature
. Connect this client to the first cluster
. Kill the first cluster and see that the client connects to the second one

NOTE: Blue-Green deployment is currently supported by Hazelcast's Java, Node.js and Go clients.

== Before You Begin

To complete this tutorial, you need the following:

[cols="1a,1a"]
|===
|Prerequisites|Useful resources

> |Docker

Reviewer: Users of these tutorials probably do not need links to Docker installation on each page. I think we can remove these.

|
link:https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/[Install Docker for Mac]

link:https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/[Install Docker for Linux]

link:https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/[Install Docker for Windows]

|Docker image for the full Hazelcast distribution
|xref:get-started-enterprise.adoc[Install Hazelcast Enterprise]

|Docker network with the name `hazelcast-network`
|Use the `docker network create hazelcast-network` command 

|===

== Step 1. Start an Enterprise Cluster (Blue)

In this step, you use the Hazelcast Enterprise Docker image to start a local single-member cluster called `blue`.
This step also installs your Enterprise license key.

Run the following command on the terminal:

[source,shell]
----
docker run \
    --network hazelcast-network \
    --rm \
    -e HZ_CLUSTERNAME=blue \

>     -e HZ_LICENSEKEY=<your license key> \

Reviewer: Wherever we use placeholders `<...>` we need to call them out and remind users to replace them with actual data.

Dec 01, 2021 8:11:33 PM com.hazelcast.core.LifecycleService
INFO: hz.client_1 [blue] [5.0] HazelcastClient 5.0 (20210922 - dbaeffe) is CLIENT_CONNECTED
----

== Step 5. Kill the Blue Cluster

Now, you'll kill the blue cluster and see the client is automatically connected to the green one.

. Shutdown the `blue` cluster on its terminal simply by pressing **Ctrl+C**.
. Verify that the client is connected to the green cluster on the cluster's and client's terminal.
+
[source,shell]
----
2021-12-01 18:11:33,928 [ INFO] [hz.wizardly_taussig.priority-generic-operation.thread-0] [c.h.c.i.p.t.AuthenticationMessageTask]: [172.18.0.3]:5701 [green] [5.0] Received auth from Connection[id=5, /172.18.0.3:5701->/172.18.0.2:62432, qualifier=null, endpoint=[172.18.0.2]:62432, alive=true, connectionType=JVM, planeIndex=-1], successfully authenticated, clientUuid: bf2ba9e2-d6f5-4a63-af43-e8d5ed8174b4, client name: hz.client_1, client version: 5.0
----
+
[source,shell]
----
INFO: hz.client_1 [green] [5.0] Trying to connect to [172.18.0.3]:5701
Dec 01, 2021 8:16:45 PM com.hazelcast.core.LifecycleService
INFO: hz.client_1 [green] [5.0] HazelcastClient 5.0 (20210922 - dbaeffe) is CLIENT_CONNECTED
----

> 

Reviewer: Needs' Next Steps'.

All of these tutorials would probably also benefit from a 'Clean Up' section. Since they all start new clusters, we should tell users how to remove the cluster if necessary so they can start afresh in the next tutorial.

client network configuration update or client restart. You can use it to manually redirect client traffic in order to perform maintenance or software updates,
as well as automatically redirect client traffic to a different cluster during a disaster recovery scenario.

This tutorial focuses on the disaster recovery scenario, and you will:

. Start an Enterprise cluster (blue)
. Start another Enterprise cluster (green)
. Configure a Java client to have the Blue-Green deployment's failover feature
. Connect this client to the first cluster
. Kill the first cluster and see that the client connects to the second one

NOTE: Blue-Green deployment is currently supported by Hazelcast's Java, Node.js and Go clients.

== Before You Begin

To complete this tutorial, you need the following:

[cols="1a,1a"]
|===
|Prerequisites|Useful resources

|Trial license
|https://trialrequest.hazelcast.com/[Hazelcast website]

|Docker image for the full Hazelcast distribution
|xref:get-started-enterprise.adoc[Install Hazelcast Enterprise]

|Docker network with the name `hazelcast-network`
|Use the `docker network create hazelcast-network` command 

|===

> == Step 1. Start an Enterprise Cluster (Blue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Step 1. Start the Blue Enterprise Cluster
```

In this step, you use the Hazelcast Enterprise Docker image to start a local single-member cluster called `blue`.
This step also installs your Enterprise license key.

Run the following command on the terminal:

[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run \
    --network hazelcast-network \
    --rm \
    -e HZ_CLUSTERNAME=blue \
    -e HZ_LICENSEKEY=<your license key> \ <1>
    -p 5701:5701 hazelcast/hazelcast-enterprise:{full-version}
----

> <1> Replace with your actual Hazelcast Enterprise license key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Replace the `<your license key>` placeholder with your Hazelcast Enterprise license key.
```

> You should see your cluster name in the console along with the IP address of the Docker container running the Hazelcast member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see your cluster name in the console along with the IP address of the Docker container that's running the Hazelcast member.
```

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
```

----

> 2021-12-01 18:26:42,369 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.i.c.ClusterService]: [172.18.0.2]:5701 [blue] [5.0] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2021-12-01 18:26:42,369 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.i.c.ClusterService]: [172.18.0.2]:5701 [blue] [{full-version}] 
```

Members {size:1, ver:1} [
	Member [172.18.0.2]:5701 - c00213e1-da50-4b5f-a53b-ccfe4a1ebeea this
]

> 2021-12-01 18:26:42,384 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.c.LifecycleService]: [172.18.0.2]:5701 [blue] [5.0] [172.18.0.2]:5701 is STARTED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2021-12-01 18:26:42,384 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.c.LifecycleService]: [172.18.0.2]:5701 [blue] [{full-version}] [172.18.0.2]:5701 is STARTED
```

----

> == Step 2. Start another Enterprise Cluster (Green)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Step 2. Start the Green Enterprise Cluster
```

        </cluster-members>
    </network>
</hazelcast-client>
----
====
. Create the client configuration for the `green` cluster, called `client-green.yaml` (or `client-green.xml`).
+
[tabs] 
==== 
YAML:: 
+ 
-- 
[source,shell]
----
hazelcast-client:
  cluster-name: green
  network:
    cluster-members:
      - 172.18.0.3
----
--

XML::
+
[source,shell]
----
<hazelcast-client>
    <cluster-name>green</cluster-name>
    <network>
        <cluster-members>
            <address>172.18.0.3</address>
        </cluster-members>
    </network>
</hazelcast-client>
----
====
. Create the client failover configuration by passing the above two client configurations.
Name of this configuration file must be `hazelcast-client-failover.yaml` (or `hazelcast-client-failover.xml`).
+
[tabs] 
==== 
YAML:: 
+ 
-- 
[source,shell]
----
hazelcast-client-failover:
  try-count: 4
  clients:
    - client-blue.yaml
    - client-green.yaml
----
--

XML::
+
[source,shell]
----
<hazelcast-client-failover>
    <try-count>4</try-count>
    <clients>
        <client>client-blue.xml</client>
        <client>client-green.xml</client>
    </clients>
</hazelcast-client-failover>
----
====
+

> In this failover configuration file, you are directing the client to connect to the clusters in the given order from top to bottom;

Reviewer: Can we use the numbered callouts to explain which parts of the config actually affect the blue-green deployment and what they do?  For example, it wasn't immediately clear to me why the client tries to connect 4 times. The `try-count` should have a callout, which describes this behavior.

see xref:clients:java#ordering-of-clusters-when-clients-try-to-connect[Ordering of Clusters]. So, when you start the client
(see Step 4 below), it will initially connect to the blue cluster. Here is what may happen:

> * When the blue cluster is gone, the client attempts to reconnect to it four times.

Reviewer: Make sure that `blue`/`green` are styled consistently when referring to the names of the clusters. I see lots of places where we use code styling/plain styling.

> * When the blue cluster is gone, the client attempts to reconnect to it four times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the `blue` cluster fails, the client attempts to reconnect to it four times.
```

> * If not successful, it will try to connect to the green cluster, again, four times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the connection is unsuccessful, the client will try to connect to the `green` cluster four times.
```

> * If these eight attempts are not successful, the client is shutdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If these eight connection attempts are unsuccessful, the client shuts down.
```

== Step 4. Connect the Client to Blue Cluster

In this step, you'll start the client.

[source,java]
----

> HazelcastInstance client = HazelcastClient.newHazelcastFailoverClient();

Reviewer: Why does this example only show an example with the Java client? The security example shows more client languages. Also, I feel like we are missing some context here. How does the client know how to find the config files we created?

----

Assuming that the blue cluster is alive, you should see a log similar to the following on the blue cluster’s terminal, showing that the client is connected.

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
```

----

> 2021-12-01 18:11:33,928 [ INFO] [hz.wizardly_taussig.priority-generic-operation.thread-0] [c.h.c.i.p.t.AuthenticationMessageTask]: [172.18.0.2]:5701 [blue] [5.0] Received auth from Connection[id=5, /172.18.0.2:5701->/172.18.0.1:61254, qualifier=null, endpoint=[172.18.0.1]:61254, alive=true, connectionType=JVM, planeIndex=-1], successfully authenticated, clientUuid: bf2ba9e2-d6f5-4a63-af43-e8d5ed8174b4, client name: hz.client_1, client version: 5.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2021-12-01 18:11:33,928 [ INFO] [hz.wizardly_taussig.priority-generic-operation.thread-0] [c.h.c.i.p.t.AuthenticationMessageTask]: [172.18.0.2]:5701 [blue] [{full-version}] Received auth from Connection[id=5, /172.18.0.2:5701->/172.18.0.1:61254, qualifier=null, endpoint=[172.18.0.1]:61254, alive=true, connectionType=JVM, planeIndex=-1], successfully authenticated, clientUuid: bf2ba9e2-d6f5-4a63-af43-e8d5ed8174b4, client name: hz.client_1, client version: {full-version}
```

----

You can also verify the client is connected on the client side's terminal.

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
```

----

> INFO: hz.client_1 [blue] [5.0] Trying to connect to [172.18.0.2]:5701

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO: hz.client_1 [blue] [{full-version}] Trying to connect to [172.18.0.2]:5701
```

Dec 01, 2021 8:11:33 PM com.hazelcast.core.LifecycleService

> INFO: hz.client_1 [blue] [5.0] HazelcastClient 5.0 (20210922 - dbaeffe) is CLIENT_CONNECTED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO: hz.client_1 [blue] [{full-version}] HazelcastClient {full-version} (20210922 - dbaeffe) is CLIENT_CONNECTED
```

----

== Step 5. Kill the Blue Cluster

> Now, you'll kill the blue cluster and see the client is automatically connected to the green one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you'll kill the `blue` cluster and see the client is automatically connected to the `green` failover cluster.
```

> . Shutdown the `blue` cluster on its terminal simply by pressing **Ctrl+C**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Shut down the `blue` cluster on its terminal simply by pressing kbd:[Ctrl+C].
```

. Verify that the client is connected to the green cluster on the cluster's and client's terminal.
+

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
```

----

> 2021-12-01 18:11:33,928 [ INFO] [hz.wizardly_taussig.priority-generic-operation.thread-0] [c.h.c.i.p.t.AuthenticationMessageTask]: [172.18.0.3]:5701 [green] [5.0] Received auth from Connection[id=5, /172.18.0.3:5701->/172.18.0.2:62432, qualifier=null, endpoint=[172.18.0.2]:62432, alive=true, connectionType=JVM, planeIndex=-1], successfully authenticated, clientUuid: bf2ba9e2-d6f5-4a63-af43-e8d5ed8174b4, client name: hz.client_1, client version: 5.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2021-12-01 18:11:33,928 [ INFO] [hz.wizardly_taussig.priority-generic-operation.thread-0] [c.h.c.i.p.t.AuthenticationMessageTask]: [172.18.0.3]:5701 [green] [{full-version}] Received auth from Connection[id=5, /172.18.0.3:5701->/172.18.0.2:62432, qualifier=null, endpoint=[172.18.0.2]:62432, alive=true, connectionType=JVM, planeIndex=-1], successfully authenticated, clientUuid: bf2ba9e2-d6f5-4a63-af43-e8d5ed8174b4, client name: hz.client_1, client version: {full-version}
```

----
+

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
```

----

> INFO: hz.client_1 [green] [5.0] Trying to connect to [172.18.0.3]:5701

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO: hz.client_1 [green] [{full-version}] Trying to connect to [172.18.0.3]:5701
```

Dec 01, 2021 8:16:45 PM com.hazelcast.core.LifecycleService

> INFO: hz.client_1 [green] [5.0] HazelcastClient 5.0 (20210922 - dbaeffe) is CLIENT_CONNECTED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO: hz.client_1 [green] [{full-version}] HazelcastClient {full-version} (20210922 - dbaeffe) is CLIENT_CONNECTED
```

----

== Step 6. Shut Down the Cluster

Shut down the cluster you've created in this tutorial so that you can start a fresh one when you

> move to the other tutorials. To shutdown, close the terminals in which the members are running or press kbd:[Ctrl+C] in each terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
move to the other tutorials. To shut down the cluster, close the terminals in which the members are running or press kbd:[Ctrl+C] in each terminal.
```

== Next Steps

> See xref:clients:java#blue-green-deployment-and-disaster-recovery[Blue-Green Deployment] if you're

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're interested in learning more about the topics introduced in this tutorial, see xref:clients:java#blue-green-deployment-and-disaster-recovery[Blue-Green Deployment].
```

> interested in learning more about the topics introduced in this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You've completed the series of tutorials that showcases some of the most useful Hazelcast Enterprise features. To learn more, you can use the links xref:getting-started:get-started-enterprise.adoc#next-steps[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the last tutorial in this Hazelcast Enterprise series. To learn more, see these xref:getting-started:get-started-enterprise.adoc#next-steps[links].
```

Reviewer: Link text should describe what the link goes to.

----

== Step 2. Start the Green Enterprise Cluster

Start another local single-member cluster called `green`.

[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run \
    --network hazelcast-network \
    --rm \
    -e HZ_CLUSTERNAME=green \
    -e HZ_LICENSEKEY=<your license key> \ <1>
    -p 5701:5701 hazelcast/hazelcast-enterprise:{full-version}
----
<1> Replace the `<your license key>` placeholder with your Hazelcast Enterprise license key.

See the `green` cluster is formed:

[source,shell]
----
2021-12-01 18:28:46,299 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.i.c.ClusterService]: [172.18.0.3]:5701 [green] [5.0] 

Members {size:1, ver:1} [
	Member [172.18.0.3]:5701 - 72f5520c-8c27-4501-9199-a8da6b58c0b4 this
]

2021-12-01 18:28:46,321 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.c.LifecycleService]: [172.18.0.3]:5701 [green] [5.0] [172.18.0.3]:5701 is STARTED
----

Now, you have two separate Hazelcast Enterprise clusters running on your local.

== Step 3. Configure the Client

In this step, you'll configure a client, so that it initially connects to the `blue` cluster, and when
the `blue` cluster is down, it automatically connects to the `green` cluster.

> For this, you need to create two client configurations for the same client, and pass these to a failover configuration.

Reviewer: Creating the config files doesn't work for the Node.js client. We should only use these steps in the Java tab. It would also be useful to provide an example of what the working directory should look like. Where, in relation to the `.java` file should the configuration files be saved?

. Create the client configuration file for the `blue` cluster, called `client-blue.yaml` (or `client-blue.xml`).
+
[tabs] 
==== 
YAML:: 
+ 
-- 
[source,shell]
----
hazelcast-client:
  cluster-name: blue
  network:
    cluster-members:
      - 172.18.0.2
----
--

XML::
+
[source,shell]
----
<hazelcast-client>
    <cluster-name>blue</cluster-name>
    <network>
        <cluster-members>

>             <address>172.18.0.2</address>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <address>127.0.0.1:5701</address>
```

        </cluster-members>
    </network>
</hazelcast-client>
----
====
. Create the client configuration for the `green` cluster, called `client-green.yaml` (or `client-green.xml`).
+
[tabs] 
==== 
YAML:: 
+ 
-- 
[source,shell]
----
hazelcast-client:
  cluster-name: green
  network:
    cluster-members:

>       - 172.18.0.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - 127.0.0.1:5702
```

----
--

XML::
+
[source,shell]
----
<hazelcast-client>
    <cluster-name>green</cluster-name>
    <network>
        <cluster-members>

>             <address>172.18.0.3</address>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <address>127.0.0.1:5702</address>
```

        </cluster-members>
    </network>
</hazelcast-client>
----
====
. Create the client failover configuration by passing the above two client configurations.
Name of this configuration file must be `hazelcast-client-failover.yaml` (or `hazelcast-client-failover.xml`).
+
[tabs] 
==== 
YAML:: 
+ 
-- 
[source,shell]
----
hazelcast-client-failover:
  try-count: 4 <1>
  clients:
    - client-blue.yaml
    - client-green.yaml
----

> <1> Count of the client's reconnection attempts to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Number of times that the client will try to reconnect to each cluster before shutting down.
```

We can move this below the tabs to avoid duplication.

--

XML::
+
[source,shell]
----
<hazelcast-client-failover>
    <try-count>4</try-count> <1>
    <clients>
        <client>client-blue.xml</client>
        <client>client-green.xml</client>
    </clients>
</hazelcast-client-failover>
----
<1> Count of the client's reconnection attempts to the cluster.
====
+
In this failover configuration file, you are directing the client to connect to the clusters in the given order from top to bottom;
see xref:clients:java#ordering-of-clusters-when-clients-try-to-connect[Ordering of Clusters]. So, when you start the client
(see Step 4 below), it will initially connect to the `blue` cluster. Here is what may happen:

* When the `blue` cluster fails, the client attempts to reconnect to it four times.
* If the connection is unsuccessful, the client will try to connect to the `green` cluster four times.
* If these eight connection attempts are unsuccessful, the client shuts down.

== Step 4. Connect the Client to Blue Cluster

In this step, you'll start the client.

[tabs] 
==== 
Java:: 
+ 
-- 
[source,java]
----

> HazelcastInstance client = HazelcastClient.newHazelcastFailoverClient(); <1>

Reviewer: Can we have a complete code sample? With the required imports/logging.

----
<1> This code picks up `hazelcast-client-failover.yml` (or XML) created in Step 3 as the configuration file.
--

Node.js::
+
[source,javascript]
----

> const client = await Client.newHazelcastFailoverClient({

Reviewer: This should be a complete code sample:

```

const { Client } = require('hazelcast-client');

(async () => {
    try {
      const client = await Client.newHazelcastFailoverClient({
        tryCount: 4,
        clientConfigs: [
            {
                clusterName: 'green',
                network: {
                    clusterMembers: ['127.0.0.1:5702']
                },
                connectionStrategy: {
                  connectionRetry: {
                    clusterConnectTimeoutMillis: 1000
                  }
                }
            },
            {
                clusterName: 'blue',
                network: {
                    clusterMembers: ['127.0.0.1:5701']
                },
                connectionStrategy: {
                  connectionRetry: {
                    clusterConnectTimeoutMillis: 1000
                  }
                }
            }
        ]
      });
        
    } catch (err) {
        console.error('Error occurred:', err);
    }
})();
```

    -p 5701:5701 hazelcast/hazelcast-enterprise:{full-version}
----
<1> Replace the `<your license key>` placeholder with your Hazelcast Enterprise license key.

You should see your cluster name in the console along with the IP address of the Docker container that's running the Hazelcast member.

[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
2021-12-01 18:26:42,369 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.i.c.ClusterService]: [172.18.0.2]:5701 [blue] [{full-version}] 

Members {size:1, ver:1} [
	Member [172.18.0.2]:5701 - c00213e1-da50-4b5f-a53b-ccfe4a1ebeea this
]

2021-12-01 18:26:42,384 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.c.LifecycleService]: [172.18.0.2]:5701 [blue] [{full-version}] [172.18.0.2]:5701 is STARTED
----

== Step 2. Start the Green Enterprise Cluster

Start another local single-member cluster called `green`.

[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run \
    --network hazelcast-network \
    --rm \
    -e HZ_CLUSTERNAME=green \
    -e HZ_LICENSEKEY=<your license key> \ <1>
    -p 5702:5701 hazelcast/hazelcast-enterprise:{full-version}
----
<1> Replace the `<your license key>` placeholder with your Hazelcast Enterprise license key.

See the `green` cluster is formed:

> [source,shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
```

----

> 2021-12-01 18:28:46,299 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.i.c.ClusterService]: [172.18.0.3]:5701 [green] [5.0] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2021-12-01 18:28:46,299 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.i.c.ClusterService]: [172.18.0.3]:5701 [green] [{full-version}] 
```

Members {size:1, ver:1} [
	Member [172.18.0.3]:5701 - 72f5520c-8c27-4501-9199-a8da6b58c0b4 this
]

> 2021-12-01 18:28:46,321 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.c.LifecycleService]: [172.18.0.3]:5701 [green] [5.0] [172.18.0.3]:5701 is STARTED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2021-12-01 18:28:46,321 [ INFO] [main] [c.h.c.LifecycleService]: [172.18.0.3]:5701 [green] [{full-version}] [172.18.0.3]:5701 is STARTED
```

+
In this failover configuration file, you are directing the client to connect to the clusters in the given order from top to bottom;
see xref:clients:java#ordering-of-clusters-when-clients-try-to-connect[Ordering of Clusters]. So, when you start the client
(see Step 4 below), it will initially connect to the `blue` cluster. Here is what may happen:

* When the `blue` cluster fails, the client attempts to reconnect to it four times.
* If the connection is unsuccessful, the client will try to connect to the `green` cluster four times.
* If these eight connection attempts are unsuccessful, the client shuts down.

== Step 4. Connect the Client to Blue Cluster

In this step, you'll start the client.

[tabs] 
==== 
Java:: 
+

. Install the xref:getting-started:install-hazelcast.adoc#use-java[Java client library].
. Add the following to the `MyClient.java` file.
+
-- 
[source,java,subs="attributes+"]
----
import com.hazelcast.client.HazelcastClient;
import com.hazelcast.client.config.ClientFailoverConfig;
import com.hazelcast.core.HazelcastInstance;

HazelcastInstance client = HazelcastClient.newHazelcastFailoverClient(); <1>

> // Following is the example directory structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* This example assumes that you have the following directory structure
```

// showing the locations of this Java client code and client/failover configurations.
//
//📄 pom.xml
//📂 src
//  📂 main
//    📂 java
//      📄 MyClient.java
//    📂 resources
//      📄 client-blue.yaml
//      📄 client-green.yaml
//      📄 hazelcast-client-failover.yaml

> //

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*/
```

We can remove the other `//`. The `/* */` if for multi-line comments, which looks cleaner.

> //Java client will log similar to the following line at INFO level by default:

Reviewer: I'd remove this log output info. We explain the output after the end of the tabs.
